Buster Bear yawned as he lay on his comfortable bed of leaves and
watched the first early morning sunbeams creeping through the Green
Forest to chase out the Black Shadows. Once more he yawned, and slowly
got to his feet and shook himself. Then he walked over to a big
pine-tree, stood up on his hind legs, reached as high up on the trunk of
the tree as he could, and scratched the bark with his great claws. After
that he yawned until it seemed as if his jaws would crack, and then sat
down to think what he wanted for breakfast.

While he sat there, trying to make up his mind what would taste best, he
was listening to the sounds that told of the waking of all the little
people who live in the Green Forest. He heard Sammy Jay way off in the
distance screaming, "Thief! Thief!" and grinned. "I wonder," thought
Buster, "if some one has stolen Sammy's breakfast, or if he has stolen
the breakfast of some one else. Probably he is the thief himself."

He heard Chatterer the Red Squirrel scolding as fast as he could make
his tongue go and working himself into a terrible rage. "Must be that
Chatterer got out of bed the wrong way this morning," thought he.

He heard Blacky the Crow cawing at the top of his lungs, and he knew by
the sound that Blacky was getting into mischief of some kind. He heard
the sweet voices of happy little singers, and they were good to hear.
But most of all he listened to a merry, low, silvery laugh that never
stopped but went on and on, until he just felt as if he must laugh too.
It was the voice of the Laughing Brook. And as Buster listened it
suddenly came to him just what he wanted for breakfast.

"I'm going fishing," said he in his deep grumbly-rumbly voice to no one
in particular. "Yes, Sir, I'm going fishing. I want some fat trout for
my breakfast."

He shuffled along over to the Laughing Brook, and straight to a little
pool of which he knew, and as he drew near he took the greatest care not
to make the teeniest, weeniest bit of noise. Now it just happened that
early as he was, some one was before Buster Bear. When he came in sight
of the little pool, who should he see but another fisherman there, who
had already caught a fine fat trout. Who was it? Why, Little Joe Otter
to be sure. He was just climbing up the bank with the fat trout in his
mouth. Buster Bear's own mouth watered as he saw it. Little Joe sat down
on the bank and prepared to enjoy his breakfast. He hadn't seen Buster
Bear, and he didn't know that he or any one else was anywhere near.